Your teammate Dr. Steven Strange has worked on a project that maintains, validates, and sorts
user profiles.
You can find his repo here: https://github.com/UCLA-CS-35L/assign5
He recently heard two user complaints:

● there is something wrong with the age calculation (some users said that their age
was displayed incorrectly)

● there is something wrong with the validation of correct passwords (some users
said their passwords followed the rules while being flagged as invalid).

Unfortunately, he didn’t pay attention in CS35L, so he didn’t use test-driven development
(TDD) and he also did not write meaningful commit messages. It was too late when he
realized that the project is full of bugs and he doesn’t know when they were introduced or where
they are. So it will be very hard for you to find the commit that introduces the bugs by looking at
the commit history.

The two main goals of this assignment are:

1. Making you experience the issues that result from not following best practices so that
you don’t end up making the same mistakes in your own project.

2. Letting you practice the magical tools that Git offers to allow you to succeed even in such
a terrible situation so that you are prepared to deal with alternative Doctor Stranges in
your own future career.

Step 1: Bug Reproduction & Regression Testing
As you learned in the debugging lecture, your first step is to reproduce the bug, so first you
should put your testing hat on and find inputs for which the program behaves incorrectly. For this
purpose, create new test files for these two features that should fail on the current version of the
code but pass for the initial commit of the repo.

Step 2: Bug Localization
Then, run git bisect to identify the commits that introduce each bug.
Hint: These two commits are different, so you need to find a way to locate the bugs individually.
If your regression tests are correct then git bisect will tell you which commit introduced each of
the two bugs.

Step 3: Bug Fixing
Revert both bug-introducing commits. Do not manually fix the bug and do not manually change
the commit message for the revert commits (the autograder will look for the corresponding
revert commit messages as by git default).
Hint: You might have merge conflicts when trying to revert. Running your tests will help you
identify if you have resolved all merge conflicts.

Step 4: Zip the repo and submit the results
To zip the entire git repo, call: pipenv run zip. This creates an assign5.zip file that you can
upload to gradescope.

 

